airflow/README.md, before:

## Description

### Secrets
When creating a new connection for Airflow, you should use Kubernetes secrets & mount it to the containers for Airflow. Below are the steps.


#### Creating the K8S Secret

* Pre-requisites: 
  1. You must have access to the public certificate which was bootstrapped to the sealed-secrets service on the cluster.
  2. You must have `kubseal` installed
  3. You need a secret file similar to the one below. Note, the connection must be in standard URI format expected by Airflow.

`mysecret.yaml`
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-cool-airflow-connection
  namespace: airflow
type: Opaque
stringData:
   AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION: http://login:password@hello:port/world
```
#### NOTE: If your connection string is invalid, it will not allow you to use it in Airflow. It will return a "not found" error.

Once you have this file created, seal the secret by running:

```
export PUBLICKEY="/path/to/cert.crt"
kubeseal --cert "${PUBLICKEY}" --scope cluster-wide < mysecret.yaml -o yaml >> my_sealed_secret.yaml
```

This creates a file called `my_sealed_secret.yaml` which contains the encrypted secret.

### Storing the secret

1. Navigate to your team's github repo & add the secret under `sealed-secrets/airflow`.
2. Navigate to the `argo-master-apps/airflow/application.yaml` file in the repo, and add your secret to the `values` section in the:

```
airflow:
  secret:
    - envName: "AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION" #This has to be prefixed with `AIRFLOW_CONN_` for Airflow to find the secret. The name of the connection will be `my_cool_airflow_connection` in Airflow.
      secretName: "my-cool-airflow-connection" # Name of the K8S secret.
      secretKey: "AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION" # This is the secret key from the `stringData` section above.
```
* See: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#storing-connections-in-environment-variables for details on environment variables & connections.


#### NOTE: If you are adding new secrets to git, they will not appear locally until you restart your Scheduler pod!

Commit message:

Move auth into non-local setups & add README for auth

airflow/README.md, after:

## Description

### OAuth with Google
OAuth is configured via Google by using the `config/webserver_config.py` file. In order for this to work, a few things must be set up first:

1. A secret must be bootstrapped to K8S in the `airflow` namespace
  - It must be called `google-client-info`
  - It must have two keys:
    - `client-id` - The client ID from GCP (OAuth 2.0)
    - `client-secret` - The client secret from GCP (OAuth 2.0)
2. The redirect URL configured in GCP must be: http://<DOMAIN_NAME>/oauth2callback

### Secrets
When creating a new connection for Airflow, you should use Kubernetes secrets & mount it to the containers for Airflow. Below are the steps.


#### Creating the K8S Secret

* Pre-requisites: 
  1. You must have access to the public certificate which was bootstrapped to the sealed-secrets service on the cluster.
  2. You must have `kubseal` installed
  3. You need a secret file similar to the one below. Note, the connection must be in standard URI format expected by Airflow.

`mysecret.yaml`
```
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: my-cool-airflow-connection
  namespace: airflow
type: Opaque
stringData:
   AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION: http://login:password@hello:port/world
```
#### NOTE: If your connection string is invalid, it will not allow you to use it in Airflow. It will return a "not found" error.

Once you have this file created, seal the secret by running:

```
export PUBLICKEY="/path/to/cert.crt"
kubeseal --cert "${PUBLICKEY}" --scope cluster-wide < mysecret.yaml -o yaml >> my_sealed_secret.yaml
```

This creates a file called `my_sealed_secret.yaml` which contains the encrypted secret.

### Storing the secret

1. Navigate to your team's github repo & add the secret under `sealed-secrets/airflow`.
2. Navigate to the `argo-master-apps/airflow/application.yaml` file in the repo, and add your secret to the `values` section in the:

```
airflow:
  secret:
    - envName: "AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION" #This has to be prefixed with `AIRFLOW_CONN_` for Airflow to find the secret. The name of the connection will be `my_cool_airflow_connection` in Airflow.
      secretName: "my-cool-airflow-connection" # Name of the K8S secret.
      secretKey: "AIRFLOW_CONN_MY_COOL_AIRFLOW_CONNECTION" # This is the secret key from the `stringData` section above.
```
* See: https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#storing-connections-in-environment-variables for details on environment variables & connections.


#### NOTE: If you are adding new secrets to git, they will not appear locally until you restart your Scheduler pod!
